The DEC KS10 Diagnostic Programs included in this directory are provided in
order to aid DEC 36-bit hobbyist licensees in fulfilling their responsibility
under section 3.1 of the license agreement:

DIGITAL LICENSE AGREEMENT

This document is your Proof of License and the legal agreement governing your
use of the TOPS-10 and TOPS-20 software.

1 DEFINITIONS

SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY shall mean the sources and binaries to the TOPS-10 and
TOPS-20 (operating systems), and associated utilities and layered products
that run on PDP-10 computers.

DIGITAL'S INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS shall mean DIGITAL's patent, copyright
and trade secret rights in its SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY.

2 LICENSE GRANT

DIGITAL grants to CUSTOMER a worldwide, non-exclusive, royalty-free license
under DIGITAL's INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS to use and modify the SOFTWARE
TECHNOLOGY solely for personal, non-commercial uses.

3 TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER AND ACCEPTANCE

3.1 CUSTOMER is responsible for obtaining copies of SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY and
accepts the SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY "AS IS".

3.2 DIGITAL is under no obligation to supply SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY, documentation,
error corrections or updates to the SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY if or when they become
available, or to provide training, support or consulting for the SOFTWARE
TECHNOLOGY.

4 WARRANTY DISCLAIMER/LIMITATION OF LIABILITY DIGITAL DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO ANY SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY LICENSED TO CUSTOMER HEREUNDER, INCLUDING
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL DIGITAL
BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE, INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY INFRINGEMENT OR OTHER TORTIOUS
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF ANY
SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY LICENSED HEREUNDER.

5 INDEMNITY

CUSTOMER will hold DIGITAL harmless against all liabilities, demands, damages,
expenses, or losses arising out of use by CUSTOMER of SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY or
information furnished under this Agreement.

6 TERM AND TERMINATION

6.1 This Agreement shall be effective until otherwise terminated. Either party
may terminate this Agreement at any time upon 30 days written notice.

6.2 If CUSTOMER shall fail to perform or observe any of the terms and conditions
to be performed or observed by it under this Agreement, DIGITAL may in its sole
discretion thereafter elect to terminate this Agreement, and this Agreement and
all the obligations owed and rights granted herein to CUSTOMER shall immediately
terminate.

6.3 The parties agree that the termination of this Agreement shall not release
either party from any other liability which shall have accrued to the other
party at the time such termination becomes effective, nor affect in any manner
the survival of any right, duty or obligation of either party.

6.4 In the event of any termination of this Agreement for any reason, CUSTOMER
shall delete all original and all whole or partial copies and derivatives of the
SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY from his or her computer system. CUSTOMER further shall
cease to use and distribute the SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY in all forms immediately
upon the date of termination.

7 GENERAL TERMS

7.1 This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the Commonwealth of
Massachusetts.

7.2 This Agreement imposes personal obligations on CUSTOMER. CUSTOMER shall not
assign any rights under this Agreement not specifically transferable by its
terms without the written consent of DIGITAL.

7.3 The SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY obtained under this Agreement may be subject to US
and other government export control regulations. CUSTOMER assures that it will
comply with these regulations whenever it exports or re-exports a controlled
product or technical data obtained from DIGITAL or any product produced directly
from the SOFTWARE TECHNOLOGY.

7.4 The waiver of a breach hereunder may be effected only by a writing signed
by the waiving party and shall not constitute a waiver of any other breach.

7.5 CUSTOMER acknowledges that he has read this Agreement, understands it and
agrees to be bound by its terms and further agrees that it is the complete and
exclusive statement of the Agreement between the parties which supersedes all
communications and understanding between the parties relating to the subject
matter of this Agreement.
